Add missing documentation (#410)
powsybl/powsybl-dynawo: docs/dynamic_simulation/dynamic-models-mapping.md

See examples below.

### Equipment models
Dynamic models matching a network equipment (generator, load, ...).
With specific attribute:
- `staticId`: equipment id in the network.

The `dynamicModelId` is optional for these models and will be equal to the `staticId` if not set.

**Groovy script:**
```groovy
GeneratorSynchronousThreeWindings {
    staticId 'GEN'
    dynamicModelId 'BBM_GEN'
    parameterSetId 'GSTW'
}
LoadAlphaBeta {
    staticId 'LOAD'
    parameterSetId 'LAB_LOAD'
}
```
**Json configuration:**
```json
[
  {
    "model":"GeneratorSynchronousThreeWindings",
    "group": "GSTW",
    "properties":[
      {
       "name":"dynamicModelId",
       "value":"LOAD",
       "type":"STRING"
      },
      {
        "name":"staticId",
        "value":"GEN",
        "type":"STRING"
      }
    ]
  },
  {
    "model":"LoadAlphaBeta",
    "group": "LAB",
    "groupType": "PREFIX",
    "properties":[
      {
        "name":"staticId",
        "value":"LOAD",
        "type":"STRING"
      }
    ]
  }
]
```

### Automation system models
Dynamic models representing an automation system without network representation.

#### Overload Management System

> Automation system which emits a specific order when the current on the monitored line goes above a given threshold during some time.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Automation system which emits a specific order when the current on the monitored line exceeds a given threshold for a given duration.  
```

With specific attributes:
- `controlledBranch`
- `iMeasurement`
- `iMeasurementSide`

**Groovy script:**
```groovy
import com.powsybl.iidm.network.TwoSides

OverloadManagementSystem {
    dynamicModelId "OVERLOAD1"
    parameterSetId "OMS"
    controlledBranch "LINE1"
    iMeasurement "TFO1"
    iMeasurementSide TwoSides.ONE
}
```
**Json configuration:**
```json
{
  "model":"OverloadManagementSystem",
  "group": "OMS",
  "properties":[
    {
      "name": "dynamicModelId",
      "value": "OVERLOAD1",
      "type": "STRING"
    },
    {
      "name": "controlledBranch",
      "value": "LINE1",
      "type": "STRING"
    },
    {
      "name": "iMeasurement",
      "value": "TFO1",
      "type": "STRING"
    },
    {
      "name": "iMeasurementSide",
      "value": "ONE",
      "type": "TWO_SIDES"
    }
  ]
}
```

> #### Two Levels Overload Management System

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Two Level Overload Management System
```

> Automation system which emits a specific order when the current on two monitored lines goes above a given threshold during some time.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Automation system which emits a specific order when the current on two monitored lines exceeds a given threshold for a given duration.  
```

    {
      "name": "dynamicModelId",
      "value": "OVERLOAD_TL_1",
      "type": "STRING"
    },
    {
      "name": "controlledBranch",
      "value": "LINE1",
      "type": "STRING"
    },
    {
      "name": "iMeasurement1",
      "value": "TFO1",
      "type": "STRING"
    },
    {
      "name": "iMeasurement1Side",
      "value": "TWO",
      "type": "TWO_SIDES"
    },
    {
      "name": "iMeasurement2",
      "value": "LINE2",
      "type": "STRING"
    },
    {
      "name": "iMeasurement2Side",
      "value": "ONE",
      "type": "TWO_SIDES"
    }
  ]
}
```

#### Under Voltage Automation System
Send switch-off signal to the monitored generator when the voltage goes below a threshold.  
With specific attribute:
- `generator`: generator static id

**Groovy script:**
```groovy
UnderVoltage {
    dynamicModelId "UV_GEN1"
    parameterSetId "UV"
    generator "GEN1"
}
```
**Json configuration:**
```json
{
  "model":"UnderVoltage",
  "group": "UV",
  "properties":[
    {
      "name": "dynamicModelId",
      "value": "UV_GEN1",
      "type": "STRING"
    },
    {
      "name": "generator",
      "value": "GEN1",
      "type": "STRING"
    }
  ]
}
```

#### Phase Shifter P

> Phase-shifter which monitors a given active power. When the active power goes above a given threshold max, taps will be changed in order to decrease it. When the active power goes below another threshold stop, the phase-shifter is automatically deactivated.  

Reviewer: I think you can remove the "max"

With specific attribute:
- `transformer`: transformer static id

**Groovy script:**
```groovy
PhaseShifterP {
    dynamicModelId "PSP"
    parameterSetId "PS_PAR"
    transformer "TFO1"
}
```
**Json configuration:**
```json
{
  "model":"PhaseShifterP",
  "group": "PS_PAR",
  "properties":[
    {
      "name": "dynamicModelId",
      "value": "PSP",
      "type": "STRING"
    },
    {
      "name": "transformer",
      "value": "TFO1",
      "type": "STRING"
    }
  ]
}
```

#### Phase Shifter I

> Phase-shifter which monitors a given current. When the current goes above a given threshold max, taps will be changed in order to decrease it. When the active power goes below another threshold stop, the phase-shifter is automatically deactivated.  

Reviewer: I think you can remove the "max"

With specific attribute:
- `transformer`: transformer static id

**Groovy script:**
```groovy
PhaseShifterI {
    dynamicModelId "PSI"
    parameterSetId "PS_PAR"
    transformer "TFO1"
}
```
**Json configuration:**
```json
{
  "model":"PhaseShifterI",
  "group": "PS_PAR",
  "properties":[
    {
      "name": "dynamicModelId",
      "value": "PSI",
      "type": "STRING"
    },
    {
      "name": "transformer",
      "value": "TFO1",
      "type": "STRING"
    }
  ]
}
```

#### Phase Shifter Blocking I

> Blocks phase shifter I when the monitored intensity go below a threshold.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Blocks phase shifter I when the monitored intensity goes below a threshold.  
```

> Block phase shifter I when the monitored intensity go below a threshold.  

Reviewer 2: And similarly "Block**s**"? and similarly for other paragraphs?

```json
{
  "model":"PhaseShifterBlockingI",
  "group": "PSB_PAR",
  "properties":[
    {
      "name": "dynamicModelId",
      "value": "PSB",
      "type": "STRING"
    },
    {
      "name": "phaseShifterId",
      "value": "PS",
      "type": "STRING"
    }
  ]
}
```

#### Tap Changer
Tap changer automation system added to a transformer.  
With specific attributes:
- `staticId`: load mapped to a dynamic model with transformer
- `side`: transformer side where the tap changer is added, can be: 
  - `HIGH_VOLTAGE`
  - `LOW_VOLTAGE`
  - `NONE` (default)

**Groovy script:**
```groovy
import com.powsybl.dynawo.models.TransformerSide

TapChangerAutomaton {
    dynamicModelId "TC"
    parameterSetId "TC"
    staticId "LOAD"
    side TransformerSide.HIGH_VOLTAGE
}
```
**Json configuration:**
```json
{
  "model":"TapChangerAutomaton",
  "group": "TC",
  "properties":[
    {
      "name": "dynamicModelId",
      "value": "TC",
      "type": "STRING"
    },
    {
      "name": "staticId",
      "value": "LOAD",
      "type": "STRING"
    },
    {
      "name": "side",
      "value": "HIGH_VOLTAGE",
      "type": "STRING"
    }
  ]
}
```

#### Tap Changer Blocking Automaton

> Block tap-changers when one of the monitored voltages goes below a threshold.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Blocks tap changers when one of the monitored voltages goes below a threshold.   
```

      }
    ]
  },
  {
    "model":"TapChangerBlockingAutomaton",
    "group": "TCB",
    "properties":[
      {
        "name": "dynamicModelId",
        "value": "TCB2",
        "type": "STRING"
      },
      {
        "name": "transformers",
        "values": ["NGEN_NHV1", "NHV2_NLOAD", "LOAD"],
        "type": "STRING"
      },
      {
        "name": "uMeasurements",
        "arrays": [["OldId", "NGEN", "NHV1"], ["NHV1", "OldId"], ["NHV2"]],
        "type": "STRING"
      }
    ]
  }
]
```

## Supported models
Models are listed in [models.json](../../dynawo/src/main/resources/models.json).  
The list is divided in categories each linked to a dedicated builder.
### Categories properties
* `defaultLib` : name of the default library
* `libs` : list of dynawo libraries supported for this category

The list is statically loaded via [ModelConfigLoader](https://javadoc.io/doc/com.powsybl/powsybl-dynawo/latest/com/powsybl/dynawo/builders/ModelConfigLoader.html) services and thus can be extended.

### Library properties
* `lib`: library name used in dynawo
* `alias`: name used in powsybl-dynawo instead of lib
* `properties`: dynamic model properties (synchronized, dangling, etc.)

> * `internalModelPrefix`: used for dyd file creation

Reviewer: Is dyd a coined term in the dynawo world? If yes, maybe a link to the definition would be useful for rookies!
